# PHBS_BlockChain_2018
Effectiveness of Quantitative Investment Strategies on Bitcoin
===
Cryptocurrency is a kind of electronic currency based on cryptography. In 2008, with the concept of Bitcoin proposed by Nakamoto, cryptocurrency began to attract more and more attention from mainstream society. Because cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin is currently available for trading on many public exchanges, which is like stocks, it’s reasonable to think that the quantitative investment method which has been proved effective in stocks market may also be effective in cryptocurrency. The core idea of this paper is to test whether the quantitative investment strategy that has been successfully applied to the stock market is still valid for cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin. This paper mainly constructs the timing strategy based on the technical indicators derived from the stock price such as ADX, HMA and judges the effectiveness of the investment strategy according to the final result of the strategy.

# 1 Introduction
## 1.1	Introduction to quantitative investment
Quantitative investment refers to the way of trading for the purpose of obtaining stable income through quantitative methods and computer programmatically issuing trading orders. Currently, it is mainly used in stocks, futures and some financial derivatives. There are two main branches of quantitative investment: quantitative stock selection strategies and quantitative timing strategies. Quantitative stock selection is to use some criteria to determine a portfolio from a large pool of investment targets to obtain excess returns. Quantitative timing is to determine the trading time for the same target, and earn the profit based on the difference between the bid-ask spread on the same target.
Because the current type of cryptocurrency is relatively small in compared with stocks (the Chinese stock market has more than 3,000 stocks), the quantitative stock selection strategy is basically not applicable to cryptocurrency. Considering that the quantitative timing strategy operates on the same target, we can try to apply the quantitative timing strategy to the cryptocurrency.
There are many types of quantitative timing strategies. Considering the lack of fundamental data in cryptocurrency, we adapt technical indicators to construct quantitative timing strategies for cryptocurrency.

## 1.2 Strategic core idea
The core idea of this paper's strategy is to judge the current price trend according to the technical indicators, to buy the target when rising trends appear and earn the profit by following the trend. And if there are downward trends, we just sell out the portfolio to stop loss.
This paper mainly uses four technical indicators including ADX, HMA, FRAMA and KAMA. These four technical indicators are all from the research reports of [*Liangxin Investment Corporation*](http://www.liang-xin.com/website/w/h?). According to the research report of the company, the timing strategy based on these four indicators can obtain significant excess returns on the Shanghai Composite Index. This article will re-implements these four indicators and tests their effectiveness in digital currency.

